---
layout:    post
title:     (02) What has been changed recently?
category:  pswgen
permalink: pswgen-changelog
---

### 1.7.9

* PswGenDroid move to AndroidStudio
* PswGenDroid launcher icon with rounded edges

### 1.7.8

* About dialog corrected.
* Content verification by hash code, save services file once with PswGenDesktop to get this.
* PswGen renamed to PswGenDesktop.
* PswGenDesktop and PswGenDroid are now both based on PswGenCore library.

### 1.7.7

* Icon modernized.
* About dialog updated.

### 1.7.6

* Splash Screen removed (Windows only).
* Licensed under Apache License Version 2.0 instead of GPL 3.0.
* Unified about dialog for PswGen and PswGenDroid.
* Packages renamed from net.sf.pswgen to de.dknapps.pswgen.

### 1.7.5

* Moved to GitHub

### 1.7.4

* Better encryption, therefore PswGen must be called with option "-upgrade <passphrase>" first.
* Explanation to password spelling added to avoid character confusions.
* Service details can now be scrolled (PswGenDroid).

### 1.7.2

* Search with regular expressions.
* Operating system dependend charset differences removed. This may produce wrong results that must be manually corrected. Wrong result in fields relevant for generating passwords cannot be excluded. In these cases the service passwords must be changed. Use the password from version 1.7.1 to login and change to password generated by version 1.7.2.
* Passphrase to be entered newly after screen lock (PswGenDroid).
* Search for services implemented (PswGenDroid).

### 1.7.1

* Code of PswGen aligned with PswGenDroid.
* Now storing window sizes after resizing.
* File format changed from xml to json.
* First version of PswGenDroid released.

### 1.6.2

* Additional Information field defaults to current date.
* Sorting by Additional Information respects locale and language settings.

### 1.6.1

* Reminder to save when selecting another service.
* More space to enter additional login information.

### 1.6.0

* New file format introduced, conversion happens automatically.
* Now table contents are stored encrypted, too.
* After conversion passphrase has to be entered only once.
* Special characters for password generation can now be specified.
* Number of special characters no longer defaults to 1 - as for the other characters.

### 1.5.7

* Checkbox added to make passphrase visible.
* Checkbox added to make password visible.

### 1.5.6

* Splash and about screen introduced.

### 1.5.5

* Reasonable resizing implemented.

### 1.5.4

* Names of fields that influence password generation are now shown in blue.
* Help button added to open this Wiki.
* 1.5.2 and 1.5.1 withdrawn from download as it were 7z-archives.

### 1.5.3

* Window no longer resizable.
* Code simplied by dropping base project idea.

### 1.5.2

* English language support added.

### 1.5.1

* First released version on SourceForge.
